Add `celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim` (#2399)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [LucasTavaresA/SingleComment.nvim](https://github.com/LucasTavaresA/SingleComment.nvim) - Always single line, comment sensitive, indentation preserving commenting.
- [Zeioth/dooku.nvim](https://github.com/Zeioth/dooku.nvim) - Generate and open your HTML code documentation.
- [georgeharker/comment-tasks.nvim](https://github.com/georgeharker/comment-tasks.nvim) - Keep your task manager up to date from TODO and FIXME comments in code.

> - [celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim](https://github.com/celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim) - VSCode-style commenting plugin. Supports line comment, block comment and textobjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim](https://github.com/celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim) - VSCode-style commenting plugin with support for line and block comments and textobjects.
```

> - [celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim](https://github.com/celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim) - VSCode-style commenting plugin with support for line and block comments and textobjects.

Reviewer: My bad, forgot the comma.

```suggestion
- [celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim](https://github.com/celeste3z/celeste_comment.nvim) - VSCode-style commenting plugin with support for line and block comments, and textobjects.
```
